TODO.md, before:

Main TODO's:

**conceptual todo's**:

The main thing left to think about is how to elegantly handle turning costs:

- Can we combine or reuse existing methods of solving?
- Can we perhaps use a regular solver and then 'add' in turning costs after?
- Can we optmize a fixed sequence efficiëntly (related to above).

**make sure to check to TODO's in the code**

- Convert *all* TSP solvers to solvers that can handle sub-problems of matrices.
- Take into account visit costs in all solvers.
  - TSP
  - TSP-TW
  - ...
- Unittest solver registry and solverhooks.
- Unittest model mappers.
- Unittest model validation and implement if needed.
- Make sure the public API makes sense, internalize everything except what we can use in solvers/strategies.
   - We can verify this by implement or starting a BWaste-specific implementation.
- Unittest Shared.CheapestInsertion or verify that is tested.
- Unittest Shared.HillClimbing3Opt or verify that it is tested.
- Remove explicit reference on Reminiscence once Itinero is published.
- Implement nice tostring on the model objects.
- Add the travel weight and visit weights to TSP's.
- Have an other look at sequences and seq and their usage in the exchange operator.
- Create a way to update first of a tour (and use this in swap).
- Test CVRP solver with a 'null' arrival location.
- local2shift for time windows:
  - Implement a best-improvement version of the local1shift operator for timewindows. Currently it's first-improvement.
  - Make sure this is compatible with visit-lists and cases where the problem has more visits than the solution. This is needed for use in an STSP for example.
- Fix performance issues in EAX.
- code review:
   - C# 7.3 features everywhere!
   - customers no, visits yes!
   - only use 'time' on timewindow-specific stuff, otherwise use weight.
   - don't forget tests.
- change resulting stop meta in routes using:
   - visit: the visit id from the original model.
   - index: remove the index, it's confusing.
   - position: the position in the current tour.
   - TimeWindows:
     - Unify unlimited and IsEmpty

Commit message:

Finished implementation of all non-turn cost problems. - Better message in solver registry when error occurs. - Improved the CVRP-ND tour exchange operator. - Fixed issue in CI placement operator not being reset after insertion. - Added new defaults for the seeded CI placement operator. - Updated default in SCI placement operator. - Made tour more robust in case of invalid data. - Enabled all functional but still problems missing.

TODO.md, after:

Main TODO's:

**conceptual todo's**:

The main thing left to think about is how to elegantly handle turning costs:

- Can we combine or reuse existing methods of solving?
- Can we perhaps use a regular solver and then 'add' in turning costs after?
- Can we optmize a fixed sequence efficiëntly (related to above).

**make sure to check to TODO's in the code**

- Convert *all* TSP solvers to solvers that can handle sub-problems of matrices.
- Take into account visit costs in all solvers.
  - TSP
  - TSP-TW
  - ...
- Unittest solver registry and solverhooks.
- Unittest model mappers.
- Unittest model validation and implement if needed.
- Make sure the public API makes sense, internalize everything except what we can use in solvers/strategies.
   - We can verify this by implement or starting a BWaste-specific implementation.
- Unittest Shared.CheapestInsertion or verify that is tested.
- Unittest Shared.HillClimbing3Opt or verify that it is tested.
- Remove explicit reference on Reminiscence once Itinero is published.
- Implement nice tostring on the model objects.
- Add the travel weight and visit weights to TSP's.
- Have an other look at sequences and seq and their usage in the exchange operator.
- Create a way to update first of a tour (and use this in swap).
- Test CVRP solver with a 'null' arrival location.
- local2shift for time windows:
  - Implement a best-improvement version of the local1shift operator for timewindows. Currently it's first-improvement.
  - Make sure this is compatible with visit-lists and cases where the problem has more visits than the solution. This is needed for use in an STSP for example.
- Fix performance issues in EAX.
- code review:
   - C# 7.3 features everywhere!
   - customers no, visits yes!
   - only use 'time' on timewindow-specific stuff, otherwise use weight.
   - don't forget tests.
- change resulting stop meta in routes using:
   - visit: the visit id from the original model.
   - index: remove the index, it's confusing.
   - position: the position in the current tour.
 - TimeWindows:
   - Unify unlimited and IsEmpty.
 - Functional tests: conver all problems in CVRP and CVRP-ND.
 - Implement intermediate results handling on all solvers.
